Fixed Broken Link to Red Teaming Paper in README (#3)
anthropics/hh-rlhf: README.md

This repository provides access to:
1. Human preference data about helpfulness and harmlessness from [Training a Helpful and Harmless Assistant with Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback](https://arxiv.org/abs/2204.05862)

> 2. Human-generated red teaming data from [Red Teaming Language Models to Reduce Harms: Methods, Scaling Behaviors, and Lessons Learned](https://www.anthropic.com/index/red-teaming-language-models-to-reduce-harms-methods-scaling-behaviors-and-lessons-learned).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Human-generated red teaming data from [Red Teaming Language Models to Reduce Harms: Methods, Scaling Behaviors, and Lessons Learned](https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.07858).
```

## Red teaming data

> The data are described in the paper: [Red Teaming Language Models to Reduce Harms: Methods, Scaling Behaviors, and Lessons Learned](https://www.anthropic.com/index/red-teaming-language-models-to-reduce-harms-methods-scaling-behaviors-and-lessons-learned). If you find the data useful, please cite the paper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data are described in the paper: [Red Teaming Language Models to Reduce Harms: Methods, Scaling Behaviors, and Lessons Learned](https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.07858). If you find the data useful, please cite the paper.
```
